t
thesis
Customer Support
Juan Pablo Mendoza National March
we will win
and there on board
the wine the intention is that mendoza charged strong race
not right of the Cartagena goalkeeper
it has deviated without
together to fujimori the goalkeeper
the independent santa fe
had gone to that country Ecuador will do
the independent santa faith and back is a central defender led to start the
account
for the locals
said its director general of psm
by the player who gives security
in this opportunity to pass to tecos Basque quota and the botó
has advances for santa fe
carlos enrique a malta
a passenger born
helsinki to the left ball to the right strong valdés the Galician by
complete the Argentine goalkeeper and he leaves the
the independent santa
now bayóvar and bolero that we plan to return the initiative to finish the account
the post-carbon cup
has paralyzed the country
and the viewers at the point
through this time the flag
giovani borrero Augustine July known for that rejection to the extent
attention that had to end and brown
the jewel coat had national hopes
he called me
with a lot of class it huari brown smooth
has destroyed the right hand of Augustine july of that year completely
the Cartagena went to man
one by one but little more
for the national athletic in the class the mobility
with which he receives giovani moreno now he has become an antioquia otálvaro that
the service of independent santa faith to the club
is going to hit
sergio andrés soto alba robbery but empty antioqueño
affects messuti
the definition is just beginning to bilbao palma will open for miramar
in a statement
sometimes I would have admitted to his left hand and hostel
took out alice strong auction
long laments spending
the city that up to now and not two as a sanctuary of life the intention of its
life bush
let's charge
ezequiel carlos valle hondo
he takes all his time July to accommodate us in web
to try to play with that pressure
the third the passion
the Argentinian
vélez sarsfield
they seek to do
besides the national favor
preferred the power and the olympique greater location very down
I was going to throw towards the center
then he tried to stop the ball
on the south side in that country the film has the great independent opportunity
holy faith that is adored fails
with the third July 7 53
mehsud aspects
julio gutiérrez the chilean
attention that had to go to root
ap the pope is a hospi
the san rafael
its launch in June
reduce this deficit
and the Chilean gary medel saw the ball
he threw the left zone up very linked
Chilean July gutierrez 3 oruro
and independent situation when failing should be
for national power
Arming Javier Piedrahita
can fail more lose it
to stay alive
to keep faith hope
in the fans after national biting
marlon piedrahita
they are Burmese account
but the country plan
Attention
but this
of these already in the afternoon the holy headquarters for that will charge your success
piedrahita European film director had a very good location and well
glued to the stick of the left hand
the goalkeeper cartasegna
oab mario gonzález christian evening
ends the series would be the fourth of independent santa fe and only
could arrive presentation
dt mario gonzález
If the goal of qualifying for coffee
maria alejandra gonzález triana
financial
juan 'the field'
in the final of the post-carbon cup
maría alejandra gonzález
and you have to do it
four paintings
four troops of santa fe
national failed twice
berta betanzos garcía have given
and holy faith
citibank classified to face athletic grass in the final against vélez